# Methods availability

When payments are processed via Payment Widget, the customer can select any of the payment methods available within the current project. As a rule, relatively few payment methods are supported for one project, which means that their full list does not overload the payment form, and the customer can promptly choose the most convenient method to pay. In standard situations, this approach ensures comfortable user experience and high conversion rates.

However, in certain cases—due to the project's specifics and the payment methods and currencies used—improving user experience may involve managing payment method availability, so that the customer can select out of the smaller range of methods rather than all available.

To ensure flexibility in different situations, the platform supports the following options of managing payment method availability.

Moreover, from the technical standpoint it is possible to hide all methods supported for the project in question and leave the customer without any available payment methods for selection.Each of these options can be useful in specific situations, in particular, when there is a need to avoid currency conversion and prevent declined payments in cases when the currency specified in the request is different from the currencies supported for the payment method selected by the customer. At the same time, it is important to keep in mind that overdoing the filtering (excluding way too many methods) can take away the customer's opportunity to pay with the method most convenient for them and may lead to decreasing conversion rates.

In addition, together with these options or even instead of them, you can set up the capability of arranging payment methods on the page.To avoid such issues and manage method availability efficiently, particularly in cases where it is the most applicable and relevant (for example, when you work in specific regions or when you use specific processing scenarios), discuss relevant business goals and filtering options with your Platform account manager and carefully analyse preferences and challenges of your customers.

- *Availability determined by the merchantdirective filtering*`hide`or—when the web service indicates directly which methods should not be available for selection within the specific payment session. When this filtering option is used, the excluded methods are determined by the web service and are specified each time in the request for opening Payment Widget (as a value of theparameter) while the platform processes the request and hides these methods from the selection.
- *Availability determined by the platformparametric filtering*or—when the platform automatically excludes the methods that are not relevant for the customer's country or the currency of the specific payment. When this filtering option is used, the first step is to set the filtering parameters and the relevance of different methods for different countries within the specific project (this configuration can be quite flexible since different projects allow for more specialised configuration). After this functionality has been configured and implemented, the excluded methods are determined by the platform each time according to the algorithms of its work and the value of the selected parameter—the country or the currency.
- *Combined approach*—with the use of both options. When this approach is used, the methods excluded out of all available are determined both with the help of automated filtering by a specified parameter and the values inflexibly specified in the request.
